chapter 6 again David gathered together
all the chosen men of Israel 30,000 and
David arose and went with all the people
that were with him from barely of Judah
to bring up from thence the Ark of God
whose name is called by the name of the
Lord of Hosts that dwelleth between the
cherubims and they set the Ark of God
upon a new cart and brought it out of
the house of AB in a DAB that was in
Gibeah and uzeh and ohio the sons of a
gonna dab drave the new cart and they
brought it out of the house of a minute
ab which was at Gibeah accompanying the
Ark of God and Ohio went before the ark
and David in all the house of Israel
played before the Lord on all manner of
instruments made of fur would even on
harps and unsold trees and on timbrels
and encore nets and unsympathetic floor
who's uh put forth his hand to the Ark
of God and took hold of it fully ox and
shook it and the anger of the Lord was
kindled against uzeh and God smote him
there for his error and there he died by
the Ark of God and David was displeased
because the Lord had made a breach upon
uzeh and he called the name of the place
here Azusa to this day and David was
afraid of the Lord that day and said how
shall the Ark of the Lord come to me so
David would not remove the Ark of the
Lord unto him into the City of David but
David querida decide into the house of
Obed Edom the get it-- and the ark of
the lord continued in the house of Obed
Edom the guitar three months and the
Lord bless Tobit Edom and all his
household and it was told King David
saying the LORD hath blessed the house
of Obed Edom and all that pertaineth
unto Him because of the Ark of God so
David went and brought up the Ark of God
from the house of a bit Edom into the
City of David with gladness and it was
so that when they that bear the Ark of
the Lord had gone six paces he
sacrificed oxen and fat llings and David
danced before the Lord with all his
might and David was girded with a linen
ephod so David and all the house of
Israel brought up the Ark of the Lord
was shouting and with the sound of the
trumpet and as the Ark of the Lord came
into the city of David Nicole Saul's
daughter looked
window and saw King David leaping and
dancing before the Lord and she despised
him in her heart and they brought in the
Ark of the Lord and said it in his place
in the midst of the tabernacle that
David had pitched for it and he had
offered burnt offerings and peace
offerings before the Lord and as soon as
David had made an end of offering burnt
offerings and peace offerings he blessed
the people in the name of the Lord of
hosts and he dealt among all the people
even among the whole multitude of Israel
as well to the women as men to everyone
a kick of bread and a good piece of
flesh and a flagon of wine so all the
people departed everyone to his house
then David returned to bless his
household and nichelle the daughter of
Saul came out to meet David and said how
glorious was the king of Israel today
who won covered himself today in the
eyes of the handmaid's of his servants
as one of the vein fellows shamelessly
uncover of himself and David said unto
Michael it was before the Lord which
shows me before thy father and before
all his house to appoint me ruler over
the people of the Lord over Israel
therefore will I play before the Lord
and I will yet be more vile than thus
and will be base in mine own site and of
the maidservants which thou has spoken
of of them shall I be had in honor
therefore mishel the daughter of Saul
had no child unto the day of her death